Ultimate Bingo Deathmatch
Each player has a 5 x 5 grid with letters B-I-N-G-O across the top and the number 1-5 along the left side.
Select a player at random to take the “First Turn” marker. That player will act first in the second phase.
Each player starts with the following
Basic Lazor - (2E) Deal 1 damage to target.
Basic Shield - (2E) Absorb 1 point of damage.
Basic Battery - (Passive) +2E/turn. (0E) Store unused E to a max of 4E.
There are 2 phases to play
BINGO
Each player rolls two 6 sided dice, one with faces [B, I, N, G, O, *] and the other with faces [1, 2, 3, 4 ,5, *]
Based on the roll, each player places a cube on their BINGO grid
Battle
On a three count, each player selects one of their 3 items (Lazor, Shield, or Battery) to use for that round and do the following:
Lazor - Player points at a target making a pistol shape with their hand. That target receives one damage either to his health or his shields.
15 random spaces in the 5x5 grid are colored green.
Cards
Weapons
Focused Lazor - 4E
Normal: (1E) Deal 1 damage to target
Overcharge: (2E) Deal 3 damage to target
Plasma Lazor - 4E
Normal: (2E) Deal 2 damage to target
Overcharge: (2E) Deal 3 damage to target
Sapping Lazor - 4E
Normal: (3E) Deal 1 damage to target and sap 1E
Overcharge: (2E) Deal 2 damage to target and sap 1E
Diffracting Lazor - 6E
Normal: (3E) Deal 2 damage to target & 1 to an adjacent player
Overcharge: (3E) Deal 3 damage to target & 2 to an adjacent player
Disabling Lazor - 6E
Normal: (3E) Deal 2 damage to target. Target must lose 1E from battery or device used is disable for 1 round. 
Overcharge: (2E) Deal 2 damage to target. Target loses 2E and device used is disable for 1 round.

Shields
Efficient Shield - 4E
Normal: (1E) Absorb 1 damage for + 1E per damage
Overcharge: (2E) Absorb all damage. Shield is disabled for 1 round
Reflector Shield - 4E
Normal: (2E) For each point of damage taken, spend 1E and reflect 1 point of damage back at damage source as if you used a Basic Lazor.
Upgrade: (2E) Reflect all damage taken from any source at a single target. Shield is disabled for 1 round.
Charger Shield - 5E
Normal: (2E) Absorb 1 damage for + 1E per damage. Absorbed damage can be used to overcharge items.
Overcharge: (2E) Absorb up to 3 damage and fully overcharge 1 item if any damage is absorbed.
Absorber Shield - 5E
Normal: (2E) Absorb 1 damage. Gain 1E for each point of unabsorbed damage.
Overcharge: (3E) Absorb all damage. Shield is disabled for 1 round
BINGO Shield - 6E
Normal: (2E) Absorb 1 damage for + 1E per damage
Overcharge: (6E) Absorb all damage and make extra BINGO roll. Shield is disabled for 1 round
Batteries

Terms
Enegorz (E) - Currency used to power and purchase item cards.
